The out statement can be configured with an arbitrary number of parameters that are appended, separated by whitespace, between the word out and the semicolon.

Allowed values, in any order, are:

One of the following for the degree of verbosity of the output; the default is body:
ids: Print only the ids of the elements in the set.
skel: Print the minimum information necessary for geometry:
for nodes: id and coordinates
for ways: id and the ids of its member nodes
for relations: id of the relation, and the id, type, and role of all of its members.
body: Print all information necessary to use the data. These are also tags for all elements and the roles for relation members.
tags: Print only ids and tags for each element and not coordinates or members.
meta: Print everything known about the elements. meta includes everything output by body for each OSM element, as well as the version, changeset id, timestamp, and the user data of the user that last touched the object. Derived elements' metadata attributes are also missing for derived elements. The modificator noids lets all ids to be omitted from the statement.
One of the following modificators for geolocated information; default is to print none:
geom: Add the full geometry to each object. This adds coordinates to each node, to each node member of a way or relation, and it adds a sequence of "nd" members with coordinates to all relations.
bb: Adds only the bounding box of each element to the element. For nodes this is equivalent to "geom". For ways it is the enclosing bounding box of all nodes. For relations it is the enclosing bounding box of all node and way members, relations as members have no effect.
center: This adds only the center of the above mentioned bounding box to ways and relations. Note: The center point is not guaranteed to lie inside the polygon (example).
A bounding box in the format "(south,west,north,east)" (normally used with the geom verbosity type). In this case, only elements whose coordinates are inside this bounding box are produced. For way segments, the first or last coordinates outside this bounding box are also produced to allow for properly formed segments (this restriction has no effect on derived elements without any geometry).
One of the following for the sort order can be added. Default is asc:
asc: Sort by object id.
qt: Sort by quadtile index; this is roughly geographical and significantly faster than order by ids (derived elements generated by make or convert statements without any geometry will be grouped separately, only sorted by id).
A non-negative integer, which limits the output to a maximum of the given number. If not specified, the entire set will be output.